welcome to barbecue pit boys calm today
we're going to do some smoked grilled
brats in this real easy to do have the
grill set up for indirect heat in here
you know about that here's a here's some
a couple different kinds of brats this
is a pork veal broth
here's a traditional German broth it's
all pork but here I have some natural
keys and hot dogs I only got some big
onions here got some olive oil of course
some German beer all right it's real
easy to do and real good tailgating here
I'm going to slice up some big ol sweet
onions here these are dahlias you can
use a Spanish onion reveron your new
light these are nice and sweet goes real
good with these props
you know what we do here is we're going
to cut them into maybe quarter inch
slices
you know about this so I really don't
have to show you how to do it now once
you get them all sliced up might want to
have them up here
you can make the onions the way you like
them this is the way it works real good
all right now I got the black iron pan
and Grill just putting it over to hot
coals add a little bit of olive oil
because we're gonna we're going to sear
these brats and dogs first now you don't
have to do it you can go directly just
steaming them but I kind of like to sear
just for a minute or two gives them an
extra special taste you'll see here so
we'll get these uh these bratwurst here
in this black iron pan
you
if you've never had bratwurst before
then you missed something out of your
life you got to check these out
your German
doing them for about 500 years I'm
telling you they got these sausages down
real good
so as you can see here we're just trying
to sear these sausages you don't want to
cook them through just want to get a
nice browning to that natural case
hmm smell that most
that's kind of easy to do now he's it's
like I was saying real easy to do for
that backyard party that tailgate now
we're going to take these sliced up
onions and we're just going to cover
these brats right over top
now of course I don't have to use these
onions just go straight steaming but
good
I would I would use these onions that's
the only way to do it now here throwing
on some of that German beer I want to
boil them just basically once TV so just
cover the bottom of that pan a little
bit of that German beer all right now we
move the pan off the hot coals because
we're going to do this indirect low and
slow I'm going to add some chunk
hardwood here right here I have little
Hickory and put the cover on we're going
to close those vents because we're going
to really cook it nice and slow of
course that Chef privilege finishing off
that beer all right
so about maybe a half hours gone by
about a 200 degree fahrenheit grill and
you can see these onions have picked up
a lot of that smoke get nice and brown
it's time to take some of these brats
and put them over the hot coals this
really works it's why you want to do it
indirect because these uh bratwurst and
steamed low and slow and that's that
German beer and amongst that on your boy
don't get any better than that
now you can keep a big pot of these
sausages going and just pull them out
when you're ready to grill them up just
before serve and then fully cooked real
moist here i'ma add just a sandwich roll
here you can use hot dog roll just a
hearty bread like white bread like a
potato bread works real good with this
all right so we're gonna going to grill
up these sausages here just before
serving
all right that looks good or what
here I'm moving them off to hot coals
you can just keep them real hot to the
side of that hot fire there all right I
think it's time we're gonna eat one of
these right here
mmm-hmm I'll grab one of these veal pork
bratwurst there
and I'll grab a couple of these Fanta
Carmen brats right there are you going
now this is not so traditional here but
here in the States we got plenty of
these beautiful onions so this is why I
like to do mine with some onions just
pile pile these onions all over these
bratwurst a lot of people all they do is
just throw on a little mustard they're
good to go but that's fine this is the
way I like to serve them it's the way I
like to eat them of course I'm going to
pass on the mustard right now I thought
just use a little bit of good old
kitchen Oh getting hungry or what Oh
baby show you who's boss got my hair
baby charlie
good all right this is the way I like to
serve my bratwurst here and got a little
that German potato salad German coleslaw
and a little fresh pepper
you can serve your brats any way you
want it just gives you a little idea
what you could do right
factor might try this this German
brought right here right now my new
pologize that gamma Bob juice now next
time you're looking for easy to do
old-time barbecue recipe check out our
shoot pit bulls duckling gonna pull some
legs it's love you action
I'm us